README.md, before:

# Python for Neuroscientists

## Sagol School for Neuroscience, Tel Aviv University

### Spring semester, 2022

#### By [Zvi Baratz](zvibaratz@mail.tau.ac.il) and [Gal Ben-Zvi](hershkovitz1@mail.tau.ac.il)

##### Created by Hagai Har-Gil

This repository contains materials for the Python for Neuroscience course. The materials include assignments and other useful information. As a student of the course, you should star and watch it (top-right corner) to receive notifications when we update it with new material.

Homework assignments, excluding the first one, will be presented in different repositories for which you'll receive links.

## Python Setup

To get started with python, please follow [these instructions](https://sagol-python-for-neuroscientists.github.io/textbook/tutorials/python_setup.html).

## Homework Assignments

- [Assignment 1](assignments/assignment1/HW1.md)
- [Assignment 2](assignments/assignment2/README.md)
- [Assignment 3](assignments/assignment3/README.md)
- [Assignment 4](assignments/assignment4/README.md)

  General submission guidelines can be found [here](submission-guidelines.md).

Commit message:

uploaded assignment #5 and the solutions for assignment #3

README.md, after:

# Python for Neuroscientists

## Sagol School for Neuroscience, Tel Aviv University

### Spring semester, 2022

#### By [Zvi Baratz](zvibaratz@mail.tau.ac.il) and [Gal Ben-Zvi](hershkovitz1@mail.tau.ac.il)

##### Created by Hagai Har-Gil

This repository contains materials for the Python for Neuroscience course. The materials include assignments and other useful information. As a student of the course, you should star and watch it (top-right corner) to receive notifications when we update it with new material.

Homework assignments, excluding the first one, will be presented in different repositories for which you'll receive links.

## Python Setup

To get started with python, please follow [these instructions](https://sagol-python-for-neuroscientists.github.io/textbook/tutorials/python_setup.html).

## Homework Assignments

- [Assignment 1](assignments/assignment1/HW1.md)
- [Assignment 2](assignments/assignment2/README.md)
- [Assignment 3](assignments/assignment3/README.md)
- [Assignment 4](assignments/assignment4/README.md)
- [Assignment 5](assignments/assignment5/README.md) - Make sure to read the "special" submission guidelines!

  General submission guidelines can be found [here](submission-guidelines.md).
